# Sprint 1 Review Meeting Minutes (11/27/2022)
## Team 29: Hackers1995
## Meeting Topic: Sprint 2 Review
We are reviewing the second sprint 2 progress made and highlights 

## Attendance
1. Rhea Bhutada
2. George Dubinin
3. Sanjit Joseph
4. Kara Hoagland
5. Arthur Lu
6. Mark Rheta
7. Henry Feng
8. Gavyn Etzel
9. Sanjit Joseph
10. Isaac Otero

## Meeting Details
- When: 11/27/2022 at 4:30PM
- Where: Zoom

## Agenda:
Review the second sprint and discuss assiget the writeup for the Agile review assignemnt

## Sprint 2 REVIEW
In collecting feedback for the sprint the leads decided to ask members individually about their experience during sprint 2 to then summarize these responses. Each member was asked 4 questions with their summarized responses below:

### ➼ What do you think worked well in the first sprint?
Communication within the group was improved and our joint study sessions where more productive 

### ➼ What can we improve on for the next sprint?
We ran into trouble early on due to some lack of planning for specific tasks. The members agreed that we should have spent more time defining tasks for specific members and defining goals for our different teams (frontend, backend, and unit testing). There was some concern over members not being able to attend all meetings and we think this could have been fixed with regularly scheduled meetings. Some technical concerns were the Javascript unit testing pipeline development lagging behind code development and pipeline requirements being unclear. Perhaps we should write out a style document to guide the automated linting process.

### ➼ What was your contribution to the sprint?
* Rhea Bhutada: Worked on the backend features including how to get create new review card page to open in a new window
* Gavyn Etzel: Helped with javascript side of things for website 
* Henry Feng: Local image store and meeting support
* Sanjit: Default photo design and frontend star rating css
* Daniel: Helped modify html, added upload file feature
* Arthur Lu: Added JS Linting, Unit testing pipeline actions and rote a few simple unit tests; added deployment pipeline action
* Marc Rheta: Added HTML Linting and CSS Linting
* Isaac Otero: Low and mid fidelity wireframes of how our page will look like, Started working on homepage.html
* George Dubinin: Meeting notes, Repo organization, cookies
* Kara Hoagland: CRUD backend functionality

### ➼ Was there anything blocking your progress in the sprint?
Communication was challenging especially for members that would attend over Zoom and it was a challenge keeping  track of each member's progress. We ran into some issues with the branching strategy with branches rapidly multiplying at points and the GitHub tags not working. The biggest technical issue we experienced involved Node and ES6 compatibility issues.

Overall we feel that sprint 1 was a success with many lessons learned. Our enthusiasm for the project is only building and we are excited to get back into it with sprint 2 after a much needed short break.

## Next Sprint Goals
    - Resolve the 4 issues open on GitHub right now
    - Make the project "local first" by creating a cache 
    - Bug fixes and final product adjustments possibly pushed to sprint 4
    - We aim to keep sprint 3 short (a few days max)
    - JS docs (we can potentially leave this out with an explanation of where our documentation is)
## End Time
- 11/27/2022 at 5:00PM